OVERVIEW

HashNote is a simple web application that allows you to add notes - either
your own custom ones or prepopulated from a list.
The most recent notes are displayed and are ordered by date, the most
recent note appearing at the top. 
You can also filter the notes so that only notes that contain a specific hash
tag are displayed. The filter may be reset either by pressing the reset button
or leaving the filter field blank.


INSTALLATION

The program is written in Django and uses Sqlite3 by default. If those
perequesites are met simply run the following commands:
    make setup
    make run (or manage.py runserver)
This will start the web app in development mode.
Then head to http://localhost:8000/hashnote_ui/

To run the tests:
    make test (or manage.py test)

If the installation fails it may be because pip isn't installed.
If you don't have Sqlite3 installed you can use an alternate database such
as MySQL or PostgreSQL but in that case the schema and databases have to be
created prior to running the application. So it may be simpler to install
Sqlite.


NOTES

Below are some assumptions I made about how the web app should react in
certain situations.

Firstly the filter text persists across sessions. 
What that means is if you filter by #foo it will store #foo in the database. 
After you perform another action such as adding a new note the results will
still be filtered by #foo. If you enter a different text into the filter
field or reset the filter the value stored in the database will change and
so will the notes you see displayed on the page.

Filtering is done by matching all notes that contain a given hashtag after
removing all non alphanumeric characters from the note. The idea is given
a note such as #dog,#cat a search for #dog should display the note. The app
interprets the string #dog,#cat as a list [#dog #cat] and checks if either
element matches the search query.
One thing to mention is only complete matches are supported. If I search for #do it will not display the note #dog

Trying to add a blank hashnote will trigger a warning message and not add the note to
the database.

When entering a search term into the filter text field if the search term is not
preceeded by a # character it will get added internally.
